# MigotoModTool
MMT is a toy for analysis 3Dmigoto Dumped FrameAnalysis Folder.

Core Notice: 
- This tool is developed only for fun and it's a big toy.
- NO LICENSE: You have full rights to the content produced by MMT. It can be Free or Paid or Early Access or whatever you want, you don't need to obey the LICENSE or something may restrict you, you don't have to say it's generated by MMT or give credit or something to MMT, just do whatever you want, For Freedom and Liberalism.

# MMT
It's designed works with our modified fork version of blender_3dmigoto.py forked from DarkStarSword's 3DFix repo, download link: https://github.com/StarBobis/MMT-Blender-Plugin

It's designed works with our modified fork version of 3Dmigoto originally forked from 3Dmigoto repo, download link: https://github.com/StarBobis/3Dmigoto-GameMod-Fork


Features:
- Support as many game's model extract and buffer mod make as it can.
- Save your time with user frendly GUI.
- Detailed log system, easy to debug and solve problems.
- Reverse any 3Dmigoto mod with a simple click, reverse extract model from game dump files.

# 3Dmigoto-Armor
3Dmigoto-Armor is a special version of 3Dmigoto which supports a huge lots of new features. 

SourceCode: https://github.com/StarBobis/3Dmigoto-GameMod-Fork

Features(WIP):
- No crush problem in GI even with hundreds GigaBytes mods installed.
- Compatible with GIMI's d3d11.dll, "store" command supported.
- Access control system(MMT-ACP) supported, can specify who is allowed to loading your mod and who is not.
- File encryption supported(MMT-ACP), no one can easily extract model from your 3dmigoto mods.
- Dynamic UAV supported.
- Dynamic D3D11Buffer ByteWidth number supported, no maximum limit for model's vertex count.
- Dynamic D3D11Buffer ByteWidth change feature supported, no limit on ByteWidth change at D3D11Buffer created.
- Lots of undocumented usage and optimization for d3d11 buffer replacement game mod.

# Based on 3Dmigoto
These tools is based on original 3Dmigoto: https://github.com/bo3b/3Dmigoto

# Technique support
Discord server invite link: https://discord.gg/Cz577BcRf5
